???????? MAC 'N CHEESE BITES EVERY NIGHT AT THE COOLER OR RIOT ????????

1) All of y'all who order non-fat/soy/almond milk in your milkshake at the cooler r idiots i'm putting a POUND of ice cream in there the milk makes up 2% of it u r stupid and the cooler staff makes fun of u 2) if u are a fucker who sits at a table that has already been wiped down during the closing shift and then leave it a mess i will shove the ice cream scooper up ur ass 3) pls order italian sodas they look rly cool and i wanna make one 4) robert michael starec is daddy idc what any of y'all say

A piece of my dignity dies every time I think my number was called at the cooler when it was not and I have to shamefully walk back to my seat

all five of my bodily orifices are not agreeing with the cooler pizza so much so that im finding an excessive amount of blood in my stool...help?

All my senior year is missing right now is Crunk Juice. Can the Cooler please bring it back ASAP?

Asking the cooler staff for a rubber glove isn't even in the top 10 of bizarre things I've done in there. Why do they just silently judge us?

Blonde girl in the cooler today (2/10) with the blue tights, you are perfection and I'm sorry I couldn't stop staring at your radiance holy cow 

BOBA IN THE COOLER PLEASE

Can these people sitting at the booth right across from me at the cooler like lower their voices? It is 1pm on Tuesday and I am trying to finish some work before my 1:30 class, there is no reason to scream like y'all are literally seated across from each other.

Chipotle sauce from the Cooler will change your life

Cooler grapes >>>> cooler strawberries and chocolate ?? fight me

Cute cooler girl in the blue hat who makes the milkshakes- I'm in love with you

Dear football coach,I saw you giving a tour to potential recruits today. You came into the cooler with the group and, in my opinion, completely embarrassed one of your first year players. You barked, introduce yourself several times as if this were a military base and not an institution of higher learning. This only perpetuated the bad image I have of you having heard about the concerning things you've said during practices. I may not know the dynamic between you and your players, but you have to remember that you're not always on the field, asshole. Kindly,An Oxy Student 

Dear nice cooler lady who makes me delicious milkshakes and laughs off how high I am, You are a saint.Peace Be With You

Dear tallish girl from santa barbara with the wavy shortish brown hair and sweet brown eyes who lives in paulie: I want to climb your body like a koala bear climbs a banana tree. If you were a dead body I would still be sooooo into you, perhaps even more. Meet me in the cooler at 4:20 pm. on friday if you want this to happen between us. 

So why don't we have a student union for people to hang out? Many other schools have places where students can have fun and hangout but this school has nothing. Sure they give common rooms those pool tables but fr. The cooler has potential but they either have the main floor empty or with the chairs. Like put a ping pong table and offer other activities. All we really have is the student center and its just tables for people to do homework and the desk for people to buy tickets to get off campus. I see why half of the student life leaves during weekends, there is nothing to do here.

Still counting down to the moment when my order from the cooler comes out correctly the first time

Succ, Fucc, Cuck - Oswald, Cooler Casey, Marketplace Mark

Tell me who tf green lighted a CSP about Oxy Confessions, I pity the frosh who’s gonna have to interpret my drunk ass cooler confessions

thank you cooler for serving well cooked ricesincerely- every asian on campus

thank you to the cooler worker girl with really pretty eyes for giving me a lot of ice cream!

That root beer can in the cooler had sum nice curves ;) .

The absence of the tiger cooler facebook page has made the Oxy experience less enjoyable and I really fear it will never be the same

The cheeseburger from the cooler is probably one of the greatest things I've ever eaten

the coffee cart or cooler really need to be able to sell beer/wine. life would be significantly less shitty

The cooler broccoli smells like straight booty.

The Cooler chocolate chip cookies have changed and it's not okay

The cooler needs better vegan options. I'm sick of shitty vegan burgers.

The Cooler needs to get Ritz crackers because they're on fuckin point

The Cooler needs to get there shit together and bring out the damn couches. Hear that Tiger Cooler FB page?

The Cooler needs to sell dried mango

The cooler really needs to have mac n cheese bites more often, I go every weekend hoping that my spirits will be lifted by these tasty little balls of joy. But it feels like they NEVER have them anymore. Like come on, let's start a movement.

The cooler really needs to start selling chicken nugs on Fri and sat nights like I could really benefit

The cooler seriously needs to get Buffalo Wings

The cooler should have late night deliveries

The cooler should sell cigs

the cooler should start selling thai iced tea

The Cooler should start serving some Cold Brew Mac and Cheese Bites

The day I discovered that the cooler still uses the old brand of salmon (not that new crap the mp switched to) remains one of the best days I've had at this school.

The desserts at the marketplace & cooler upset me so much. Why do they all taste the same and not good.

The dude who wore flannel and American flag shorts in the cooler last night was fine as hell

The Frosh girl working the register at the Cooler is Hella cute. Would love to tap.

The gluten free bread at the cooler is terrible now. The brand they had before was much better.

The guacamole in the Cooler is beyond atrocious. I'd rather walk all the way to Chipotle and buy some than eat the Cooler's again.

The guy that works at the cooler behind the ice cream counter on Monday nights is one of the most attractive men I've seen on campus. Who are you and when can we get married?

The highlight of my night on Friday was seeing a pack of sexy Alphas strut into the cooler in their slutty PJs

The horchata at the green bean is just turrible. I never thought I'd say the cooler horchata wasn't the worst I've ever had. Both should stock new brands. Charlie's horchata is mucho bueno

The ice cream flavors in the Cooler were AWESOME yesterday. Sauntered into class with cookies n' cream in hand and it felt so good. Someone's been listening to our prayers, Oxy Confessions.

The main reason I chose this school is because The Cooler sold pink lemonade Snapple when I made my visit.

the mango black tea in the cooler is so good. I drink like 2-3 cups of it a day. please don't ever run out. Also shout out to the cooler workers who put 2 cardboard sleeves on my cup so my hands don't burn :)

The mozzarella sticks at the cooler are overrated.

The music in the Cooler is ALWAYS on point.

The new water bottles sold in the Cooler (the paper-packaged ones) smell really funny on the inside. Kind of like expo markers. Thoughts?

The one question we are all thinking, but now one can answer: WHY IS THE COOLER A SKI LODGE?!?!?!

The otherr day i wasin the cooler And i saw some one left there rootbeer there . Who's is this? Come get it because its just sitting there ready for the taking

the tiger cooler is my favorite oxy run meme page, all the others are imposters

There is so much hatred for white people on this campus it surprises me. Just reading the hateful messages written for Intergroup Dialogue in the Cooler is shocking and a little bit scary. There seems to be a very vocal minority who wants to send the white devil back to hell. As a white person, such statements of hate and intolerance make me feel uneasy. Next time I walk through campus alone at night time, I will be sure to have a few white friends by my side. 

There is this incredibly attractive girl who makes milkshakes in the cooler at night. She is a nice carmel complexion. I would love to get my milk shake made by her..

There was a girl in the cooler who looks like Rihanna watching basketball by herself. Would it be weird if I asked her to have my children or?

There's a guy who is always around campus, mostly in the gym but I've seen him in the cooler with what looks like the girls basketball team, I don't think he goes here but please keep coming around. You are the light of my day

They have beef jerky in the cooler but not in the library... They should just leave the cool open at night.

This dude just spent the rest of his meal money at the cooler and is donating it to a homeless shelter. #bless

This has been a recurring issue for me this semester, and I think I'm at the point where I need help...So I've been having this recurring dream that I wake up in the Cooler naked, but no one is around because of some apocalyptic event. I am also what I can only assume is a koala bear. At some point in the dream every time, a bunch of sentient bananas end up smoking a bowl with me on the couches and shit only gets weirder from there. Naturally, I get hungry, so I eat one of the bananas, which I guess they consider murder. I usually cover the banana peel corpse in chocolate syrup to make some kind of banana split, and then proceed to have violent, drug-induced sex with it.....I can't make this shit up. I'm just terrified of what truth this kind of vivid dream reveals about my psyche...I'm so confused why I've had this same fucked up dream four times now. Anyone have experience with this type of thing?

those of you that received order #69 at the cooler on 4/20 have seen privilege on a level previously thought unreachable.

To confession 10514 - no, the cooler definitely should not sell cigs. It would put the most at-risk population (16-25) at an even larger risk and make nicotine addiction even easier on oxy’s campus. The fact that you have the audacity to suggest such a thing makes me sick.

To that fine ass first year boy who lives in Pauley, works in the cooler and likes basketball and whose name rhymes with Darren, I just gotta know if I can hit it from behind tho? But forreal, let me smoke you out ;p 

To the adorable sniffling girl at the cooler last night with short pigtails and booty shorts, I wanted to give you a big hug and a blanket.

To the Asian girl who works in the cooler and has bangs, you're a cutie, especially with that hat

To the black guy that work in the cooler Saturday nights... I kinda just want to meet you... You interest me.

To the blond girl wearing a blue pea coat at the cooler this Saturday. I'm glad you didn't catch me staring because you are, in my opinion, the most beautiful girl on campus. :) 

to the blonde boy who works at the coffee cart and was wearing a cooler shirt- you're more beautiful than the susina's mac n cheese during a 2 am study session.

To the blonde guy with crutches who was in the cooler two nights ago, saw you from afar, but thought you were cute!

To the boy scooping my ice cream at the cooler this evening....you can scoop me up and take me to your room...... literally you are so fine, and the california republic hat is such a turn on too...

To the brunette who works at the cooler at 1 Saturday morning, even though you always fuck up my order, the truth is when you ask me what I'd like, the answer is you

To the cooler girl with the Band-Aid on her face: you looked very silly, but you are so damn cute and endearing. I want to ask you out, but I think your into that RA. 

To the cooler guy who was working in a blue cap Sunday evening: You are really freaking gorgeous. Like, I could tell that you may have been new but I really didn't care how long it took for you to make my milkshake. Do you wanna maybe cuddle sometime? Get some coffee? Watch a movie? I think I could listen to your metallic golden-hued voice for ages. #fuzzyfeelings

To the cute girl working in the cooler with the backwards quicksilver hat and the rolled sleeves- when you smiled at me from behind the ice cream it made my day :)

To the double-ponytail lady who works at the Cooler on Sunday evenings. You are beautiful :). Thanks for serving me today. Your smile made my day.

To the freshman dancer in Newcomb, I always see you at the cooler high as a kite...even on the weekdays. Turn down for what?? Just kidding drugs are bad.

To the freshman girl who has the last shift in the cooler Friday nights: you're so beautiful. I want to do you behind the counter

To the girl in Pauley whose name is a flower and my favorite type of tea, Sometimes I see you working in the cooler and I'm just like damn, you're perfect. I catch you staring all the time, so I'm sure it's love. I just wish I had the courage to talk to you about more than just pizza . . . I know our astrological signs are a match so we could be on some next level shit. - R

To the girl smoking her cigarette less than 10 feet from the Cooler at lunch time, I'm not trying to die with you. I want my lungs to be healthy, not filled with tar. Smoke your cigarettes elsewhere

to the girl that works the cooler morning shifts... you really slice my bagels so well, i wish you could slather cream cheese on me the way you do those lucky bagels 

To the girl who in the vagina monologues picture on the cooler wall said my vagina demands good tongue action I am happy to oblige. 

to the girl whose name is a season, you are hot as fuck and i was definitely eyeing you in the cooler 

To the girl working at the Cooler who wears the Skrrt Skrrt hat, you always make my day better, you are so sweet and attractive, and i'd like to get to know you better

to the guy I smiled at in the dark in front of the cooler who are you and why haven't I seen or know of you

To the guy that gave me his fries after the cooler staff messed up - thank you kind sir, bless your heart.

To the guy that plays league of legends while taking a shit in the cooler bathroom... I'm impressed

To the guy who had the banging zebra print toga on in the cooler last weekend, I literally live for you. I look forward to your turnt stumbles into the cooler every weekend. It literally makes my shifts. You give me so much life. Every week there's something new. Stay turnt, and stay head-turning!

To the guy who left his UEP essay sitting on a Cooler table: sorry about getting a C! it's ok, everyone has room for improvement.

To the guy who smiled at me at the cooler today, with the glasses and a dark(?) tank, you're incredibly good-looking and your smile definitely made me blush. 

To the guy who was wearing a green jacket with sherpa lining at the cooler on Saturday night, I think you're cute. Into dudes?

To the guy who wasn't in dance pro that works at the cooler with the pretty eyes...You're the real show :)

To the guy working at the cooler on Thursday night wearing an oxy hat, you're cute. come find me ;) from, your secret admirer 

To the Hyper girl wearing blue dancing in the Cooler today, you are incredible.

to the little white boy walking around the cooler with Canada goose jacket and Gucci belt asking for Fiji water get your entitled ass out of oxy

To the lovely lady from MS that I met in front of the cooler writing in her journal, I enjoyed the chat!

to the person who reached their hand under the stall in the cooler to hold me hand. ........I got so hard so fast

To the person with the black Mazda 2 trying to pull out of a parking spot near the cooler last night...You were in the wrong gear, you mashed the wrong pedal, and you didn't even have your lights on to see what you'd hit. I really hope you at least left a note on that poor person's windshield, because you probably owe them a new front bumper.Driving is a responsibility and a privilege; please treat it as such.

To the red headed first year who was on the events staff, stamping peoples hands in front of the cooler at toga, I think you are really cute. 

To the sweet swann living next to the mp, I'll pluck your feathers any day of the week. (Not the tiger cooler sending this)

to the three cute hipster boys in the cooler on friday the 13, um who are you, do you go here, one of you had a basketball backpack, sports are kinda lame, but i can see past that. one of you was a lil' short, but its chill, but bearded one with glasses can we kiss. hello. 

to the two theater kids who were fucking on the steps of the cooler on Halloween night and thought no one would notice.. FUCK YOU

To the white girl in the cooler who thought I was stealing your bag- you really need to check yourself because that was definitely internalized racism. You should also think about how it feels for a black person to be accused of theft in front of the entire cooler and only get a half assed apology after you snatch my bag open to check it. Fuck you

To the young woman with a red hat working the register at the Cooler last Wednesday or Thursday. You seemed pretty unhappy to be where you were and were scowling most of the time that I was on line. Then I got to the front and you smiled and me and I smiled back. I don't know if you were actually smiling at me or if you just thought of something funny but it means a lot to me that I may have potentially been what put a smile on your face. So thank you for (hopefully) letting me make your day a little better.

To two guys asking people near the cooler to sign up for life saving project during lunchtime: I am the Asian dude you guys asked. Sorry, I was not courageous enough to sign up. it is creepy to have dozens of muscled men on the quad. it made me feel I was going to sign a “life or dead” vow. And if I don't sign, these muscles will just beat s**i out of me.

to whomever stole my hydroflask from the cooler on Friday night: why?

tuition is like $60,000 why are there only approximately 3 good ice cream flavors in the cooler dammit

what happened to all the good chobani flavors? I need my chocolate haze craze back!!!Also they have seaweed snacks at the cooler now; go crazy, friends

what happened to the couches in the cooler wtf

Whatever hummus the cooler is using with the pita bread... I dunno what it is, but it definitely ain't hummus!! (Please get new hummus!)

When a cute girl walks up to the cooler counter for a drink, my motivation to make the perfect milkshake or latte increases exponentially. Sadly, so does my chance of fucking up the order...

When the woman in The Cooler says have a good night on the weekends and you know she knows you're about to be fucked up 

When you have a squad at the cooler but some jackass takes up a whole booth by himself so you can't sit together. Fuck you man, get a table 

Whenever the gaggle of boys in suits comes into the cooler I try to memorize as many faces as possible so I know exactly who not to interact with

Who the fuck keeps changing The Cooler TV to 20 year old episodes of Forensic Files? Ever realized the best way to watch forensics is through NCSI? That being said, there should be a rule that requires sports or news channels only to be shown. 

Whoever lost their AirPods in the Cooler I gave them to a cashier! <3

whoever works in the cooler and wrote wussup? in the bottom of my PB & J container, thanks for the surprise. you made me smile :) 

Whomever drew the adorable pictures on the cooler sandwich boxes today, you made my week. Thank you for sharing your creative artistic skills, they were greatly appreciated.

Why did the cooler get rid of the comfy armchairs? They were my favorite seats

Why do cooler burgers fall apart faster than a Meninist's arguments?

Why does the cooler have no seating anymore?

Why does the cooler PA make the cashiers sound like adults in Peanuts cartoons?

why, at my peak mental instability, does the cooler NOT HAVE RICE

Working at the Cooler isn't so bad. I get to check out all the hot guys of Oxy...without being creepy :)

yo can the cooler sell veggie chicken nuggets that’s what I always want when I have munchies

Does anybody know who the big guy that is always at Cooler during daytime with his laptop and always doing something with very serious face?

does anyone know why there are so many dead bees between the HCC and the cooler ? I thought we were supposed to save the bees

Dude with the 40 in the cooler last night, respect. 

Every time I talk to people at the cooler drunk about my crush they end up being right behind me.

Everyone is always saying how there aren't good places to go after the Cooler closes but tbh everyone is just not sure if the food at the coffee cart (in berkus hall) is good enough to walk up the hill for. Well now it's online!! http://www.oxy.edu/campus-dining/coffee-cart

Everyone says the Tiger Cooler is Orange and Brown, but all I see is White and Gold! Why doesn't anyone else believe me!

Finding out that the hot British girl who works in the cooler is a first year was heartbreaking

for all the thirsty people who complain about how they dont get it enough, the problem is you're socializing at the coffee cart, not the cooler 

fuck entitlement. there's a difference between being nice and being kind. nice is just external behavior. it's just doing something because it's human decency or you want something from somebody. on the other hand, kindness is actually being considerate or altruistic...even when you don't fucking have to. it's acting on a love for other human beings. it's a trait, not a behavior. nice is focused on yourself, kind is focusing on other people.so fuck you. fuck but I even got you dinner and held the door!, that's not an excuse to grope me. go back to masturbating in your room. I hope your dick chafes, you little bitch.but to the green sweatshirt dude who paid for the entire fucking line in the cooler unannounced and walked out: bless you, you beautiful human being. my group had never even met you. I had no meal plan money left. YOU are kind.

Girl working in the cooler today at 6 with the corona hat, what's your name? 

Girl going to Wake Forest, I'm sorry you're leaving cause you're hella cute, but thank god you won't be working at the cooler anymore cause you straight up suck

Girl who's always in the cooler and suffers from chronic resting bitch face, you should really have the doctor remove that stick up your ass. 

girls working at the cooler around 5: i thoroughly enjoy seeing you two rocking out and singing behind the counter. short cooler girl, i like how you sing completely off beat, you do you. 

Here's something that doesn't fit in words. If you wander your way over towards Fowler and Wylie there's a little concrete strip painted red perhaps for a fire department. It is cracked in places and is imperfect. Growing and going along this way are long grasses with white strands dispersed among green, and beside are painted red and blue diamondsfor construction or measuring or surveying by an architect unknown for a reason I won't know. The reason I tell you this and the reason I'm thinking this is because the person I love does not love me and does not want to talk to me. And I do feel something like sadness, but I feel something along it, within it, something like certainty.There's a piece of cake thrown on the steps by Johnson. Just sitting there. Plopped down in the dust. Ridiculous! Spectacular! Somebody else did that and I saw it. The crazed and true nature of it. And at night down in the corner of those stairs to the Cooler where bands of jostling friends cheer their way to food and company a dim light reveals cobwebs and dust and stains and bounces through the window of that tiny office,I listen to a dead virtuoso from decades ago breathing over his guitar and sounds fight their way through time to carry this sensation, connection,we are unbound from the weave of fate because it is inexistent yet all events happen just exactly as they must, the twist and rolling of them, the motion and flow you go with right through me right through us and this is not love nor sorrow nor anguish but the congealing of God and a noteless song born outside all places and it is the only thing true and the only thing false I have ever come to know.So be happy or not. Be sad or not. But feel! Feel the exacting incisive being of being, grip your suffering and your joy when they mean something and throw away what is empty. All is as it is.

hey oxy cooler community,I'm very disappointed that someone would steal a bagel out of the toaster. Really ruined my morning.

How can i be exoected to write an essay when i have better and cooler things to do like not write an essay

How do we know there isn't a secret cooler menu full of absolutely ridiculous yet delicious stuff?

How do you reconnect with a late night cooler crush?

How in the fuck can you people rationalize getting American cheese over CHEDDAR CHEESE on your cheeseburgers? Don't say you're #cooling if you're not exploring the world of premium options that the cooler has to offer.

How many coolers could the Cooler cool if the Cooler could cool coolers?

How on earth can i be expected to write an essay when i have better and cooler things to do like not write an essay?

I always want to speak in spanish to the cooler and mp staff but im afraid that they'll judge me for my 102 level speaking abilities

I am abroad and currently am more concerned with how much the cooler will have changed than with my classes

I apologize to the cute blonde guy in the cooler who watched me accidentally dip my hair into chocolate dip on multiple occasions without realizing it

I can't believe the cooler stopped selling vitamin water. Where am i supposed to get my triple X????

I dare the cooler to refill the mayo dispenser

I have an actual addiction to those Yerba Mate energy drinks in the cooler even though sometimes they give me diarrhea.

I have hunkered down before the old dell laptop I borrowed from the Clapp Clapp --as I have spilled Recover 180 on my new Macbook pro's keyboard...a tragedy really 'cause I am broke as fuck but still wanted to conform or whatever-- with Brittany Spear's Toxic playing on my roommate's Spotify prime while eating Charlie's Taco's with cooler chopsticks lest I cover my fingers with grease that refuses to come off with Oxy's weak ass automatic foamy soap, so that I might work on my Geology study guide, all while my roommate cries in the background and the other has passed out from a migraine. I supposed this is the epitome of being an oxy student. Dang I miss my mother. 

I haven't seen the cooler sushi guy yet and tbh it's the main reason for my anxiety right now

I heard a bunch of guys in the cooler talking about a Ned Special. Whats a Ned Special? Looked it up in urban dictionary but have no idea what it means.

I keep a constant and large supply of ice cream from the Cooler and Marketplace in my freezer at Oxy for breakfast.

I really like the new red-headed girl working at the cooler late at nights. She is nice and pretty :)

I really want everyone to start saying “I’m cooling” and “going cooling” instead of im at the cooler and going to the cooler. Can we please make this happen

I see you #39 on the football team that girl you were with in the cooler last night is banging, i hope you're getting some of that 

I shouldn't have made eye contact with you in the cooler tonight, might've said your name too loud ahahaha

I swear to God, more often than not, when I'm in the Cooler waiting for a drink, Depeche Mode, or The Cure, or The Smiths, or some other gloomy 80s band comes on. Am I causing this?!?!?!?!

I think I've found out who runs Oxy confessions because I was eavesdropping near the cooler and got some juicy deets

i think i've put on ALL my college weight from high munchies and drunk 2am cooler meals

I thought it was temporary…..but it didn’t change back…..Somebody changed the music in the Cooler from the Classic Rock of JackFM to the Something Else of myFM…..WHYYYYYyyyyyyyy :(((

I understand the little thing they use to cut the bagels in the cooler is the most efficient way to do it but man I’ve gotten some wonky ass bagels

I walked into the cooler bathroom last night and there was a girl giving a guy head in the handicap stall.

I want to have sex with the freshman ginger who works in the cooler so bad

I was just at the cooler to get food when the girl with the red cowboy hat from Queer formal brightened my day

I wasn't at POC formal but I saw everyone coming back @ the cooler and WOW Y'ALL LOOKED FIRE (this campus is highkey hot af)

I work at the cooler and there’s a full time worker there who makes me very uncomfortable but I don’t know what to do about it, he calls me “little lady” or “young lady” in a way I don’t like and it’s not a huge deal but being around him makes me uneasy. I could quit but if I were to do that I would need to get another job on campus to continue to make money and it’s not like I dislike the job otherwise. Advice on what I should do? 

I'm all for the safety and well being of the Oxy community as evident from doing the sit ins this past year, interning with the LAPD, and supporting a friend who had too much Popov on a Saturday night. When I found out there was a brush fire going on Mt. Fiji, my heart skipped a beat knowing there was a strong possibility my fellow chiefers would be in danger. Danger from the way in which Oxy responded to the fire. Dumping 1.25 tons of water within the span of 260 seconds! Luckily, I later found out my friends were not harmed from the massive amounts of water pouring down when I found them at the Cooler chomping on some pizza. Still, disappointed in the method used, not to mention we are in a drought..

I'm having an affair with cooler sushi

I'm so used to eating at the cooler when I'm drunk that I can no longer tolerate it sober

I’m blacked tf out in the cooler rn but I just wanna say to everyone here that I hope y’all had a good night :))))

im straight but... the cooler cashier who just got a septum piercing.. damn.. what that mouth do

imagine falling in love at the cooler -- cooler casey is also our cooler cupid

Just your friendly neighborhood Cooler employee here. Shocked by how many people will just stare at me while I'm restocking the drinks/snacks instead of saying Excuse me, or asking me to pass them what they want. Seriously, it's not that hard to just be polite. If you say nothing and just stare at me there is a 100% chance I will make you wait to grab what you want until I'm done doing my job.

Last weekend while very drunk at the cooler I used a cheeseburger to masturbate in the bathroom

Lesbian hyper expressions and glee chick... I thought I was straight until you came around. You dancing to sex at the cooler last weekend was... damn.CAN'T wait for your girl to graduate so I can get in on some action. 

LIKE I DON'T WANNA ADMIT THAT I MISSED THE COOLER DURING SPRING BREAK BUT I MISSED THE COOLER OVER SPRING BREAK #macncheesebitesaremybae #sorrynotsorry

looking 4 someone to help me do this cooler casey stick n poke

Menthol Juulpods 5$ each.Find me in the cooler every Friday at 5pm. I’ll be wearing a pink baseball cap and Birkenstock’s

Missed connection: Catching feelings for the beautiful girl working the cash register in the cooler Thursday night with that cute accent tho...

my day was sufficiently improved when I sat near these two girls in the cooler and heard one earnestly ask the other if they would still be friends if one became a barnacle.

My milkshakes bring everybody to the cooler bc I actually make them THICKK(but pls be patient bc making them thick takes more time and effort:))

Need natural cheap laxatives? Head to the tiger cooler and order any item!

Nothing packs such a colossal, emotional blow as when I walk into the Cooler to get some goldfish, and they are all out. Please stock more.Yours, A snack in need of snacks

Ok can we please just talk about how Fall Fest was just absolutely disappointing. I mean literally no one went, I saw more people in the cooler at 10pm than I saw go to Fall Fest. Seriously, what happened. We supposedly got our money back from Goldlink cancelling Spring Fest so was there just not enough money to bring a better artist to Oxy? There are literally so many talented artists who would've put on an amazing show. I mean seriously, we've had Kehlani, T-Pain, Afrojack, Odesza, Macklemore, Tinashe, Snoop Dogg, and even Chance the Rapper!! And all this time our student fees have just kept on going up so can someone please explain to me where all this money is going? Are they lining the pockets of the wrong people or can we actually get a decent show going before we all graduarte. Thank you. 

okay cooler grapes have been MIA nearly this whole year and it's been makin me a sad boi

omfg what happened to the Tiger Cooler Facebook page i'm weeping that was my favorite Oxy page

Oxy confession sucks for not posting anything to do with the cooler and hellman

People who work at the cooler on Friday and Saturday nights are the real MVPs

Pro tip: microwave your hard brick of a cooler brownie for the good kind of fudgy surprise :')

Purple Oatmeal Boy where are you? Why don't I see you in the Cooler anymore. I didn't mean to tease you about the oatmeal. I just thought it was cute that you always got the same oatmeal every night. What's your name?

Real talk though...Why does the Cooler not have chicken tenders/nuggets?

Realization of tonight:Since it is a Monday, the cooler closed at 11:30. But being a holiday, the coffee cart is also closed. Therefore, an unnamed fourth floor Rangeview resident had to resort to making popcorn in the microwave... and almost set the dorm on fire. Now the poor drunken Rangeview residents are all standing out in the cold waiting for the alarms to stop, with no food available on campus.In conclusion, cooler closed: Oxy did not have a plan for that. 

Remember when the Cooler had grapes? Good times...

RIP Marley Yerba Mate at the cooler ?? Your cheap price and perfect taste will be missed...

russian guy in sae: why are you fucking my sweet cooler girl?? stfo chilcott

russian sophomore in sae: i suggest that you step off my cooler girl, you feel me?

Senioritis is real. But, dear senior buddies, it's ok and we're all gonna get through it. Please don't be too hard on yourself and remember this is your life to live however you want. There's much more in this world than some stressful moments, so treat yourself to a cooler cookie and engage in self care. :) I support you!!

Serious question, Will I be cooler if I join a frat?

Short little white girl I spoke with at the Cooler last night: you're pretty cute, wouldn't mind spending a night with you XD

Shoutout to all the people that work here and make our lives easier and better. Everyone who works hard cleaning the classrooms, the dorms and bathrooms, everyone at the mp, everyone who works at the lib, the cdla, tiger cooler and more, you are all amazing. THANKS !

Shoutout to the cooler for stocking the Big Texas cinnamon rolls in the vending machines

shoutout to the IG account oxyvegan eats i am literally obsessed with your account and get so hype when i find vegan food i didnt know ab on campus from ur posts. like when u posted ab the cooler grilled cheese i DMed my roomate to show her cause i was so hype. keep rocking ur account. amazing idea

Shoutout to the individual that stopped in the middle of undie-running through the cooler to pick up one of the womyn of color pages that fell. Woulda sucked if it had gotten trampled

Shoutout to the lady who was super cool when I dropped a soda in the cooler and it started spraying everywhere. I swear it never happens and your golden heels were breathtaking

shoutout to the tall senior who is a ginger boyy your voice/face/vibe is very attractive and very much cooler than melmk if you ever wanna study

so glad the cooler is selling poprocks now... my blowjob got 10 times better

So I also heard guys in the Cooler talking about a Ned Special to the ass. What is a Ned Special and how does it work with the ass?

So i get it, I get the point... Green Bean girls are hot.... but fuck! COOLER GIRLS SMILE TOO DAMMIT! Do we not brighten anyone's morning!!??! 

So I was at the Tiger Cooler today, and people always say that its Orange and Brown, BUT I only see Blue and Black....tell me I'm not crazy here...

So I work at the cooler and sometimes I think people forget that we can hear their conversation across the counter. So this morning at like 8:30 two guys came in and started complaining about the Ariana Grande song that was playing. They were so surprised when I laughed and agreed saying how the staff and I were all sick of her and showed them the paper with all the tally marks showing the 5 times she had played in the past 2 hours.

So many hot guys in the cooler tuesday night. I was having a hard time keeping my cool, because I was so hot and bothered.

